I learned I was passionate about coding when my Excel project turned into a 
VBA project that kept growing beyond my original ideas that I had set for it. I had no
prior training at all when I tried to fix a script that was supposed
to take all the cells of a certain color and add them together. None of 
the tutorials I found helped me much, I guess they gave me a faded dirt path I could 
follow but that was about it. I was jumping into to something that was much bigger than 
I could have imagined at the time and there were so many questions that I needed answered
that I didn't know needed asking. Obviously I wasn't able to fix the script as I 
thought I could so easily do and I ended up going down the hardest path I've ever 
followed in my life when I took pieces of that script and ran them in my own sub-procedures to
figure out what they did. After writing several hundred lines of code in a single sub-procedure
with a ridiculous amount of variables, I learned that I needed to break my code into multiple pieces, 
and that arrays existed and I should use them. It was only shortly after that, with my newfound knowledge
of the existence of arrays that I built an algorithm that found combinations in the same way that
itertools.combinations() would from the Itertools Python package. Of course itertools.combinations() is
a generator and I made my algorithm into an ordinary function that returned an array when I figured out that
VBA functions could return values, as sub-procedures were functions that didn't return anything.
I'm sure it was also nowhere near as efficient or as cleanly written, but it did work for what I needed it
for and It didn't lag while doing it. It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. I honestly 
cannot remember how long it took as I obsessed over it so much 
I lost track of time. Every day I woke up It was on my
mind until I went to sleep and dreamed about it. I can still remember the patterns I would iterate
through in my head until I was sure that the pattern I had would give me the correct values. At the 
time if I've head the words: "data-structures" and "algorithms" they would not have meant anything to
me. I didn't have any knowledge of what I was doing or what it was referred to as, I just knew that I
wouldn't be able to calculate what run lengths I should take from what spool If I couldn't compare all
those combinations with each other. I also needed something to decide what the optimal combination was
by many different factors that determined how long the work would take and how much wire was wasted. 
I needed to set up a system that moved an array through multiple sub procedures and altered its contents,
I needed trim the data to take the workload off the combination function, i needed to organize the data
and display it. I eventually decided I wanted to automate the entire process and that led to even more work,
which in the end I decided just wasn't practical and would make the whole application useless. And thats
Where I left it and started to learn Python, chasing idea after idea, building a variety of different 
applications that have taken me further and further along my path. I've learned so much
since that day I completed the combinations algorithm, that day I became a programmer,
and I know there will never be a day when I have so much more to learn.